1. What is Constructor?
Ans : Constructor is having same name as that of the class. It doesnt have the return type.
The Constructor is used to initalise the private instance variable of the class in order to 
make encapsulation.

2. What is Constructor chaining?
Ans : Constructor chaining is a way to call the constructor from another constructor .
this() method is used to call the constructor from one constructor of the same class.
whereas the super() method is used to call the constructor of superclass.

3. Can we call the subclass Constructor from a superclass Constructor?
Ans : No,it is not possible to call the subclass from a superclass Constructor.

4. What happens if you keep a return type for a constructor?
Ans : the constructor is not called as constructor itself as it would be considered as the 
method of the class. there is compilation error if the constructor has return type

5. What is no argument constructor?
ANs : the no argument constructor is an constructor which doesnt accepts any parameter and 
arguments.
the default constructor is also an no argument constructor.

6. How is a No-argument constructor different from the default constructor?
Ans : the No argument constructor is decalared by the user in the program code where as the 
default constructor is not nessecary to be coded and it is default or automatically invoked by
the JVM.

7. WHen do we need Constructor Overloading?
Ans : Constructor Overloading is nessecary when we have to initalise the private datamembers of
the class from the another class which can be of many different type of argument or number 
of arguments. hence in this situation we can use the constructor Overloading.

8. What is default constructor?
Ans : the default constructor is automatically invoked by the JVM. the default constructor doesnt
have any parameter or arguments. As the default constructor as named default it is not necessary 
to code by the programmer to call the default constructor. it has super() method at first line
always. it has same access specifier as that of class 

example:

class Game
{
    private String name ;
    private int number;

    //public game()  // default constructor is created by the compiler.
    //{
        //super();

    //}

}
class hi
{
    public static void main (String args[])
    {
        Game p = new Game();
      
    }
}