1. Why do we need the Static keyword in java, Explain with example?
Ans : the Static keyword is mostly used for memory management. whenever the variable 
or method is created using the static keyword in the class the instance variable or method will acts
as a static. it makes them to stored in the particular memory heap and accessable by all the objects.

2. What is class loading and how does the Java program actually executes ?
Ans : the class loading is a process where the java class is loaded by the JVM during runtime 
environment. 
the class loading occurs in following process loading,linking and initializing.
loading occurs by locating the class file by it's name and converting it to object by reading
the class file.
the linking process occurs after loading the objects created are linked by verifying the 
class file's integrity.
initializing  process occurs at the last, the JVM initalise the default values of the objects 
which is mentioned by the class but first it runs the static block if any exists.

3. Can we mark an local variable as static?
Ans : NO, we cannot use static keyword to the local variable to make it an static.
hence it is only applicable to instance variable.

4. Why is static block executed before the main method in Java?
Ans: the static block executes first as it is loaded during the class loading stage. 
the class is called then the static block and then the main method.hence the Static 
block is executed before the main method.

5. Why is Static method is also called as class method?
Ans: the static method is belong to the class. can be invoked by the other class without 
creation of the object. hence the static method is called class method.

6. What is the use of static block in Java?
Ans: the static block is necessary when you have to execute set of instruction at the time 
of the class loading during the JVM runtime. hence during these purposes the static block is 
much and must used .

7. Difference between static and instance variable?
Ans : the static variable is also know as global variable and remains constant over all objects
but whereas the instance variable it changes according to the objects created.

the static variable is stored in the separate heap memory area so that the data allocation is 
efficent but the instance variable the variable gets stored at every instance when the new object 
is created.

the static variable can be called by the another class without creating object whereas 
the instance variable needs an object to be created for it's invocation.

8. Difference between static and non-static members?
Ans : the static members:
they have one separate heap memory area.
it can be invoked without creation of object.
it is efficent uses the memory.
inside the static area we can access only static variable only

the non-static members:
they created memory area as many times the objects are created in heap.
it cannot be invoked without creation of object.
it consumes lot of memory than compared to static
inside the non static area we can access both static and non-static members.